Maria of Columbia, Maryland  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 13, 2018
More channels like free CBS access and college sports (lacrosse, basketball) would be nice. But all in all Verizon Fios works well and is reliable. During storms or snow the service keeps working vs Dish.

Marie of Chandler, AZ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 13, 2018
I’ve used Verizon as a service provider for over 10 years and would happily engage them for all communications service. Without doubt they are far superior to most others and should be allowed to expand service.

Sherry of Sixmile, South Carolina  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 13, 2018
Verizon's service is great. I get service everywhere I'm at even in the mountains. Y'all are not rude even when I can't understand y'all or y'all can't understand me. Y'all are always good with the customers and you try to fix every problem I have. All I know on a scale from one to hundred y'all are a hundred. Thanks.

Paul of Grand Blanc, Michigan  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 12, 2018
Verizon is good, but pricey. Being seniors, we have recently changed to another provider and are happy with them and the savings. Both the coverage and new phones are great. Verizon needs to have a special plan for us seniors.

Kathleen of Toms River, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 11, 2018
My husband is the one who's in charge of the television works. He loves TV but I could take it or leave it. I'm not addicted to it like he is and he's always watching it so I guess for him Verizon is the way to go so I would say Verizon fits the bill.

Toby of Coconut Creek, Florida  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 11, 2018
I have been with Verizon for over 10 yrs & have found their service to be much more reliable than any other company. Customer service is impeccable & very important to me more than anything else. No incentives from other companies could possibly get me to choose anything other than Verizon.

Rasheed of Brooklyn, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 9, 2018
I have been Verizon Fios customer for the last two years. During this period their service for all three i.e. TV, internet and phone are superb. Customer service respond immediately and try resolve any issue as fast, quick as they can. Hats off the Verizon Fios.

Susie of Pittsburgh, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 7, 2018
We switched from Comcast years ago, but were long time customer. They did not meet our expectations after we moved. Verizon Fios is reliable & has great customer service and we are much happier with the prices. We have internet, cable & a landline for less than $150 a month and lots of variety with cable tv. We are grateful for their service.

Laurie of Allentown, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 6, 2018
Their service is great. The price is a little high but you can choose the package you want. Have everything for the grandkids and what I like to see. My husband loves the HD channels too.

Mary of Waltham, Massachusetts  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 6, 2018
I have had excellent service. When I changed routers months ago I had to get Verizon's tech support on phone and they were very patient and gave clear advice to guide me.

Robert of Pittsburgh, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 3, 2018
Former Comcast customer for over 20 years and 6 years as a Verizon Fios customer and couldn't be happier. One problem after initial installation was rectified immediately, another issue a few years later was solved the next day. Priced right and extremely satisfied. FIOS is the way to go.

Mohammad of Germantown, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 2, 2018
Their service, quality, internet, tv and phone very good, they don't get interrupted. But the price is too high, I am looking to change to another company.

Louis of Germantown, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 1, 2018
Most reliable out of all the providers I've tried. The speed is good. I would recommend Verizon over any of the other providers I've tried.

Mary of Bel Aire, KS  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 30, 2018
I have been a Verizon customer for many years. Pricey but worth it - good coverage and customer service. No problems over all those years (10+). I don’t anticipate changing.

Constance of Philadelphia, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 30, 2018
Verizon is always there when I need them. Will help you with a service problem no matter how long it takes. Equipment always works. If something breaks, fast turn around to get what you need.

gregg of Mesquite, NV  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 29, 2018
Simply, the network is reliable and has excellent coverage. These are the two most important factors in determining a cellular provider. In addition, speed has never been an issue where we live. Customer service is excellent although getting to them is not as straightforward as it could be. Only complaint is that cellular providers have moved to charging more and more for devices. They should be much more aggressive in negotiating with handset providers on behalf of their customers.

Tom of W. Norriton, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 29, 2018
Been with them a long time, though, will be asking for a lower price. I install the equipment myself. I'm also glad they don't handle the email now so I won't lose my email. It is under AOL. I did start a Gmail account which many has done with either Yahoo or Google so not to lose your email.

Brady of NY, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 28, 2018
I feel confident with the service and customer services that they provide, the internet work very good for me when I am in the city and also outstate.

Ann of Lansdale, Pennsylvania  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 28, 2018
If we have a problem & call them about it they try to solve it right away. They also try to provide affordable package deals. The service stays on in bad weather. We switched from another carrier & happy we did.

Sharon of Benton, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 22, 2018
I've been with Verizon for over five years now. I never have any trouble connecting and no interruptions, either. Always a clear and consistent signal.

Bob of Brielle, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Dec. 14, 2017
Upgraded earlier this year to Fios Gigabit. Eye popping data transfer speeds... We have multiple devices (Amazon Echoes, Xbox One X, PlayStation, Xbox One, Smart TVs, Smart Devices for security, lights, etc.). I am now streaming 4K content without a spinning buffering circle on YouTube videos... I thought I would never see the Google Fiber type speeds that the Tech savvy zip codes were getting, but I saw the Fios Gigabit commercials on TV, and immediately checked and found that we were eligible. I pay $120 a month for unlimited phone and internet from Fios. At my office, where we have numerous glitches (Comcast never fully recovered from Superstorm Sandy damage in 2012 and the service has been flaky ever since).

Kim of Miami, FL  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Dec. 13, 2017
I must say I was hesitant with choosing Fios from Cablevision but with their promos how can I resist! Little did I know those promos even saved me money on my bill. Now using them for a year they now came out with Amazon Alexa! Way to go Fios.

Towanda of Belleville, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 13, 2017
We have used DirecTV, Comcast, and Cablevision, and I have to say Verizon Fios has been the best - as far as quality of service, vast selection, reliability, and prompt attention to any repair/maintenance issues. The price is moderate when you consider how much you get for what you pay. We have a bundle plan - receiving TV service, home telephone, and internet. Our monthly price is about $330 (we DO have 8 TV sets and numerous Fios boxes in our home), so this high amount of TVs and service perhaps justifies the price). We are far from wealthy, but even a financially poor family like ours does best with Verizon Fios, since there is high quality, and almost no troubles.

David of Millsboro, DE  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 9, 2017
Fios has an excellent support staff who has always answered our questions and sought the best solution to our service problems. Fios is not necessarily the least expensive but it does offer you a great picture and service.

Janet of Richmond, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 8, 2017
I have had Verizon Fios from the time it was offered in my neighborhood. I love it. They have the best customer service. Everyone has been very helpful and polite.

Joseph of Brooklyn, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 6, 2017
I've been with Verizon Fios for Approximately nine years and find that its programming offers are better than DirecTV, its customer service is much better than Time Warner Cable and they have always been willing to negotiate a better price for me although the introductory fee is where my much less when I started with them than the price now.

Sharon of Flushing, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 5, 2017
I find the service to be very good. A lot of channels to choose from. Clear picture and sound. People very helpful and it's now readily available.

Joanna of Staten Island, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 3, 2017
Customer reps are always helpful in solving technical issues, in some cases working with me for a couple of hours. Service is better than it was when we had Time Warner.

Shari of Laurel, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Sept. 29, 2017
I've used Verizon for over a decade. Once I got it set up, I've never had a problem with it. I've renewed it many times. I only had technical difficulty once. They came out and put a new router in which resolved the problem. They didn't charge me for replacing the router and also replaced my battery pack at the same time because it drained down following a power outage which lasted a couple of weeks after a hurricane. Because it had totally drained down, it would not hold a charge for long during subsequent power outages. The speed is excellent. I even reduced the speed after my grandchildren no longer spent much time here. The price is reasonable.

Marilue of Aliquippa, Pa.  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Sept. 26, 2017
I have had Verizon for several years, they are pretty much up to speed and clarity. I have not had any problems with their service. They are very prompt and easy to use.

Cindy of Hortense, Georgia  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 13, 2018
I live in a rural area and sometimes I don't get the speed that I need since I can't go through wi-fi except through my phone! It is very inconvenient.

Sandra of Burbank, CA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 12, 2018
Customer service and attention have been good in the past about fixing problems promptly. Not sure how it will be with AT&T taking over. Internet service is often slow and prices are high, particularly for fixed income.

Get expert advice delivered right to your inbox
We try to avoid the fluff and deliver tips and guides that really matter

Catherine of Norwich, CT  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 10, 2018
Everyone wants fast reasonably priced service and Verizon has always delivered. Shopping around I've found other company's customer service lacking for what they charge & provide.

Jennie of Winchester Bay, Oregon  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 10, 2018
Verizon is a very good network to be on since you get service in areas AT&T or Sprint or any others don't get. I never had an issue with getting them to help me with my phone. Very courteous customer service. Overall very reliable.

Dr P of Roswell, NM  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 8, 2018
Signal/Service is reliable - more than we can say about other carriers. But too bad we are paying for far more than we can use. Would welcome a Senior discount.

James of Clearfield, Pennsylvania  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 6, 2018
Years ago I used Verizon, but the wait times when calling for support were atrocious, 19 mins, 27 mins plus... It was terrible. Hopefully they’ve improved... Typical large American corp... The phones and phone service have been pretty good though.

Pat of Kaneohe, Hawaii  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 6, 2018
Good coverage and helpful service. We use a jetpack so we have internet in 2 states that don't have one internet package. Uses a lot of data, but allows us to go anywhere. Speed is sometimes an issue, but not generally. Because we have limited data, we don't stream or do other high data uses.

Trudy of Norristown, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 6, 2018
I have had to call Verizon for help and they have been able to fix the issue remotely. I would say that the customer service is probably better than I've heard others say about Comcast.

Nadia of Bakersfield, CA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 5, 2018
They have strong signal that’s good! But they sold me hum. I’m stuck with it. Having hearing problem, don’t know what’s him telling me! The deal was I don’t have to pay monthly fee yet I do statement want me to pay for the hum.

Cecilia of Long Beach, CA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 5, 2018
Customer service was excellent. But cable service became slower and slower. Always offered new faster package that cost more but no difference in speed. Huge increase for repeat customer of 20+ years. So I cancelled.

Earl of Rohnert Park, California  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 4, 2018
Verizon is best provider by far, I get service most of the time the price for my unlock LG V20. BYOP is only $40.00 for all everything, (3) gigs a month that carry over.

Kenneth of Jk. Hts., NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 4, 2018
The modem/router Verizon supplies for ADSL service is not the best or the fastest. They include their own firmware into the item which creates frequent resets and slower speeds. It's best to supply your own modem/router, preferably one that is rated fast speed, which is usually more expensive, but is worth the investment. I personally like the Fast "Netgear" modem/router models.

Jessica of Brooklyn, New York  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 4, 2018
The service is OK. If you have DSL computer and TV package, you have to bundle a landline phone service with it. I would prefer to just have my cellphone + TV + computer. But, that is not an option. Also, the service is waaay too expensive.

Linda of Falls Church, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 4, 2018
Verizon has a captive audience and their pricing is outrageous. If a movie rental goes bad you will be on the phone for an hour to have the price deducted from your bill. They do not offer lower price options to long term customers.

Sherron of Dover, Delaware  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 4, 2018
It was easy to get service set up with the company. The technician was very thorough and explained what he was installing. Of course, they try to sell you additional equipment, but this person stopped when I did not. Overall great speed and I have no issues thus far with service.

Stephanie of Twin Valley, MN  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 3, 2018
Verizon Fios could be a better deal if you have more than one phone on plan. It's more comparable with other companies in our area that would have good service but we don’t get any service so if you could be more compatible with them it would be great. We could change companies but we don’t want to. We like you but the price for 4 phones is getting to be too much to afford.

Barbara of Welcome, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 3, 2018
Mosty very happy with Verizon, except they slow their speeds and then say they don't, I have an upgraded speed and can tell when it slows. If I check it with the online speed tests, it shows a much slower speed than I am supposed to have. They then say I need to connect with a cable. My computer is less than 5 feet in front of my upgraded router and nothing obstructing. Really lame. Users are not as naive as they used to be and providers need to wake up. The same tired excuses don't work anymore. Verizon doesn't want to spend money upgrading lines and have too much in some areas to work properly when there are a lot of users. Also, we contract for a certain number of tv channels. When the provider is negotiating with the network for certain channels at a better price, those channels are not available to you. Therefore, there should be a discount placed on your fee until those channels are again provided.

John G of Sewickley, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 1, 2018
I have Fios tv, phone, internet. Very reliable (outages rare). When needed, customer service is good. Can control TV cost by number of channels chosen and internet by speed.

Halapino of Philadelphia, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 1, 2018
I’ve been with Verizon not too long ago, about 4 months now. So far I’m re Happy and enjoying my internet service with Verizon. I don’t really see an area in service where I can say I am not happy about it from shopping the service online to sign up for the service; everything went well and smooth and my monthly bill is right under $52. Good service and I’m happy with it. Thank you, Verizon.

Bunny of New York, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 29, 2018
Verizon converted copper to fiber optics and left unnecessary cables. Had to call them again because my equipment was not working well and new team had to remove some wires, there were too many. They also left me with another problem which I have not had the time to become involved with. The 1st team great, the 2nd rude.

Edwin of Virginia, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 29, 2018
Customer service does all they can do. I think most of them love their job. They have a good product and service is okay but they really don't do anything for long term customers.

E of Williamsville, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 29, 2018
Verizon service is expensive. They offer many channels, but many aren't watched, so the total cost is high compared to what you watch or want. A cafeteria style plan would be more appropriate.

Linda of Forest Hills, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 28, 2018
I do not have problems making phone calls. However, customer service has limited tools at their disposable and I have had billing problems that they had great trouble solving.

Robert of Spencerville, Maryland  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 28, 2018
I have not had any problems with Verizon so far. They have responded appropriately when I have needed them. I just wish their price would be better. I do not like the 2 year lock-in either.

Valerie of Toms River, New Jersey  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 26, 2018
Verizon claims you get hundreds of channels without admitting they are mostly duplicates and if you want to watch newer and sometimes older movies there is a cost. Already paying for service and everything comes with extra cost.

Gloria of Great Barrington, Mass  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 24, 2018
I had Verizon a year ago and mistakenly switched to AT&T which was a disaster. Generally find their service good but speed in my area is not as fast as it could be. They responded quickly to some service problems I had in the past, although I had some difficulty contacting them the last time I had a problem. MUCH BETTER THAN AT&T.

Doreen of Philadelphia, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 20, 2018
Verizon is a good company. Its speeds are overall fast and efficient especially when comparing it to a company such as Comcast. The main issues with Verizon is that its cost are quite pricey for what you get, but most consumers have no choice but to get it because of availability issues of other service providers. But all in all I’d give them a sold A-.

Scottie of Middle Rivet, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Nov. 27, 2017
The service as far as clarity is good. The speed isn't as fast as they claim. My computer will disconnect quite often and it will say theres no broadband connection or the connection is lost and several other error messages. The cell phone service does the same. It's probably one of the most expensive companies to deal with as well. My bills are higher than my new car payment. Never less than 200.00 a month. This past month it was just a few dollars shy of 300.00. If you call to inquire why it's so high you will be put on hold or told to call back later due to high call volume and if you ask a question chances are you're so tired of being put on hold or passed from one department to the other that you just give up.

Pattie of Princeton Junction, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 17, 2017
Verizon Fios is the most expensive service to have, it usually doesn't have issues but the cost is way too much. The channels are dictated by Verizon too.

Bill of Bayside, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 16, 2017
Good service and tech support. But watch out for billing, Verizon overcharges and tackle extra fees, surcharges and takes ages to get you discounts credited.

Private of Orange, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 7, 2018
I am in West Orange NJ. I recently had internet service only installed. The installer came early and rapidly put everything in. The service works fine. Everything is great, but I cannot login into an online account to check my billing. I am not recognized. I spent 45 minutes on the phone with support, who gave up because she couldn't get me into my account either. She said she would send a temporary pin by mail. Got the pin. Pin doesn't work. It does not recognize my email, my order number, or my telephone number. I need to check the account because I have set up auto payment. I don't even know my account number. Verizon FIOS has no email address. Chat does not resolve these questions. The telephone support cannot help and I really do not want to spend any more time on the telephone or trying to figure out what the Verizon webpage wants from me.

Theresa of Philadelphia, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 12, 2018
I dislike their deceptive pricing, and the cable channels are not very good. The reception is excellent, but their options are horrible for basic service. I had 3 extra that I used in addition to local TV, of which I would really only have kept one. Their representatives are not straight-forward about pricing, either in person, or on phone. Their prices tend to escalate. 2 year price guarantee is not guaranteed as they have discounts that expire.

Tamara of Annapolis, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 12, 2018
Verizon has the best internet service, especially in an apartment complex. But it is much more expensive. Internet-only options are more expensive than bundles. I don’t mind being in a contract, but I didn’t realize you can’t switch to a new bundle or plan before the 2-year contract is up.

Donna of Brooklyn, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 10, 2018
My experience with Verizon is not a good one. First I called customer service in August of 2017, for a replacement box. I never received it. My internet service was out for a long time. I called them back again in December of 2017, about my service. I finally received a new box but I was having trouble with the service. A technician was coming to me since December 23rd, 2017. I finally got a technician to the house after I told them I was going to cut my service with them. The technician came yesterday 1/8/2018. Poor customer service on their part.

Billy of Chatsworth, Georgia  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 10, 2018
Verizon has always done their footwork from the beginning to make sure that their service is the best. That's was their way from their start and lately a lot of others have come along and even though there a lot of others not many really come close to Verizon but it seems something is blocking their signals and I'm not sure what that is. But I know they will figure this out as I'm sure they are still striving to be the best, and this is only my thoughts. But for reliability they get a big thumbs up.

DEBBIE of Oregon, Illinois  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 9, 2018
I have a router for my high speed. Most of the time I cannot get a signal for anything else where I live. It is one step up from dial up. My cellphone does not get a good signal either.

Reg of Culver City, CA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 9, 2018
The Ellipsis Jetpack is a TOTAL JOKE! The "Unlimited Plan" is a play on words - if you're a heavy user! I normally run out of high speed service about the 15th of the month! Snail after that.

Catherine of Ridgewood, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 7, 2018
Don’t believe service merits the ridiculously high cost. There should be a set cost for personal channel choices - not what they choose for you. Don’t watch 75% of channels I pay for. Very underhanded and quite sad they get away with it. Regulations needed for this type of business shenanigans!!!

Neville of Saint Albans, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 7, 2018
The WIFI speed is very bad and nothing seems to be able to be done to resolve this issue. I have tried three different routers to no avail. I even bought an extender to try to up my speed and that did not help either. Maybe if I change my provider I could get better service. The technician checked my speed but apparently he was using the 5g speed and not the 2.4 g speed. There is a very big difference in checking speeds when using either the 2.4 or the 5g.

Marion of Washington, DC  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 6, 2018
Very difficult to reach a real person in Customer Service. It appears that none of the cable providers in DC are responsible for keeping city trees off their wires. City is at fault too because original agreement should have assigned responsibility for maintaining the lines when tree growth interferes. Verizon promoted consolidated billing (wireless, phone, internet, cable) which was convenient for customers but now no longer offers this option.

Steve of Annapolis, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 5, 2018
Verizon provides both our TV and internet service. The service is average in quality and deficient in problem-solving except for the high cost. We will have to look for an alternative provider soon.

Margaret of Lawrenceville, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 3, 2018
The cost of cell phone service continues to rise and yet the quality of service does not increase proportionally. And I fear that with the recent undercutting of net neutrality, costs will continue to rise.

Mary of Ewing, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 3, 2018
I had a lot of problems with FIOS (the first three years I had it). Everything they promised me, I did not receive and they tricked me a few times into signing up for things I did not want and would not have signed up for- they tricked me into signing up for them. They cheated many customers and made excuses and denied they did so. They laughed at me and mocked me. I was really upset and every time I asked to speak to a Manager, which was many, they would not allow me to speak to one.

Carol of Fords, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 2, 2018
The bill keeps getting more expensive and charging for new phones is just crazy. Everyone should get a phone especially when you've been a customer for so many years and pay your bill on time.

Joann of Borrego Springs, Calif  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 2, 2018
Verizon did not supply our area for about 1 whole week. We were without service. In calling them several times they could not or would not give any reasons. In return most of the businesses in town including us changed to AT&T.

E. of Millbury, MA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 1, 2018
Overpriced, but so is the one other possible provider in our area. This one has slightly better customer service as the other company is absolutely dismal at it.

Robin of Staten Island, New York  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 1, 2018
I recently returned take to Verizon Fios, after leaving this company for approximately two years. Upon returning to Verizon I was assured that they offered lower rates than previously. I realized that my rates were lower but the package offered to me was very limited! I didn't receive a lot of the basic channel that I received previously for free; such as OWN. The price of the package that I currently pay for is pretty expensive being that I only have their service on two televisions and one premium channel. A lot of the sports channels that I received in the past, I'm no long able to access them, either. In addition, I was provided HBO for free, for approximately one years.

T. of Baltimore, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 1, 2018
Verizon DSL is slow and uneven and the router is ordinary. The problem is that Verizon Fios service is not available in Baltimore city. The landline phone service is acceptable, nothing special, but it remains to be seen how long Verizon will sustain landline phones.

Smita of Odessa, FL  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 30, 2018
One thing good about them is they have underground cables. But they need to be better in their response. They take too long to respond back on the issues.

Shelley of Baltimore, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 30, 2018
Verizon will not bring Fios to Baltimore City so we are stuck with DSL and they will not fix the copper wiring on the poles so it is slow and sometimes we don't have internet at all.

Linda of Philadelphia, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 28, 2018
You start out low with bill then they get you because you don't get the channels you watch. So to get them you have to pay more. I think it's all a ripoff.

Carol of Albany, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 27, 2018
Trying to speak to a person about an issue is a nightmare. Too tech reliant as regards customer service. Once you get someone who can actually address your issue, they are very helpful, however.

Carhy of New York, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: March 30, 2018
FiOS is good. What they Don’t tell you on the commercials or by salespeople is there’s a reason why they are pushing the DVR service. It’s because many of the “non-premium” On Demand content costs. Omit too many details when subscribing... too many extra charges.

Ann of Forest, Virginia  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Jan. 5, 2018
The speed is not as fast as they say and when I am in a hurry to find something, it can get on your last nerve. The price went up a lot but I am not getting any more than I was getting when the cost was a lot smaller. You also have a hard time getting in touch with a person.

Loretta of Bronx, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Dec. 27, 2017
I have had Verizon for over 5 year and not really happy with them. I will be looking into another company as soon as my 2 year is up and will not be going back them. The pricing of Verizon is always going up and the service does not get any better.

Joel of Shirley, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Dec. 8, 2017
Verizon has been my company for a VERY long time. They are overall a GOOD company. Customer service is good. They are very helpful. My main complaint is that they continue to raise the price of their wireless service, but the speed of it is so slow. You can get faster speed but it's going to cost a lot more.

Frank of Levittown, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Nov. 23, 2017
Verizon has the physical fiber network. Their TV is 2nd to Comcast. The guide is just as slow as satellite. On Demand offering is weak. Menu navigation both On-Demand and live tv is slow. The layout for On Demand is hard to navigate. Promo offerings are ok. I came from Comcast and cursed them all summer (2016-2017). The last straw was Labor Day 2017 - internet outage locally. Verizon’s struggle is TV. The user interface and experience is terrible. No talking remote, search is slow, browsing for your favorite show on premium channels is not easy. It goes along with browsing speed and organizing titles which is terrible. I will stick with Verizon until Comcast can lay fiber in my neighborhood.

Lorraine of Paulsboro, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 14, 2017
We were forced when analog was replaced to pick a cable company. Verizon is no better or worse than the others. It is a total ripoff. Most things are not worth watching. Programs are older than I am. We should not have to pay extra for boxes or channels since we are already paying for the service. The added taxes I pay is over $30. Someone needs to come down on these companies for their exorbitant charges.

Kisa of Islip, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 11, 2017
It is ridiculously expensive. They keep jacking up the rates. When I added a new box, they not only charged a higher rate for the new box, but they raised the rate on the box we already had. I called to complain, but got nowhere.

Anthony of Upper Marlboro, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 10, 2017
The service provided by Verizon is adequate, but expensive. I pay almost $200 per month and I don't subscribe to any movie channels. I'm ready to get a Firestick and downgrade to internet and phone only.

diane of Bellingham, MA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 26, 2018
Associates gave inaccurate info or missing info on services and fees. Stated they would waive installation then charged me anyway. Supervisor said they could not listen to recording - they had no access to them to prove me correct. Basically told me they would not have said that. Said they gave me 15 dollar discount basically as a favor to compensate me when in fact I was given it on first call and it's on first bill. Told that could not be so either. Added on fees after providing minimal quotes. Tried to charge me again for need for further installation services to correct their errors.

Shaun of Jersey City, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 3, 2018
Moved to Jersey City, NJ from San Francisco. Previously had Xfinity for past 3 years and had 150 mbs speed which was fast, efficient and reliable. We never experienced slow internet speeds or "slow downs" during peak hours. After moving to Jersey City, NJ, Verizon advertised "mega speeds" like 900+mbs, but user experience is not always so fast. They guide you to run their speed test which almost always shows super fast speeds, although you can't even watch a video on your computer. If you run independent speed tests, you sometimes get speeds as low as 39 mps. They try to tell you it's wifi or your computer, but I am using the exact same devices as when I was on Xfinity 1 month ago. I feel there is something misleading about their speed claims that needs investigating.\

Ronald of Newburyport, MA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 11, 2018
Galaxy7 I’ve had issues and had two replacement and sent a new device which drop call, plagues the phone as the first two and then a software issue last one and over a 100 calls. I'm now getting a refurbish device. Service and customer sucks and then there are those who really do their job get no accountability. My service poorly establish 4g connection and signal strength. I've seen better and I'll consider dropping them soon.

Jeanne of Woodbridge, Virginia  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 10, 2018
They rent boxes but this means you pay over and over for the boxes, they give little support. Now their computer is from AOL and it is slow. Trouble is they all are about same, just want money but give little in return.

Sheila of Long Beach, Ca.  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 8, 2018
Verizon was fine for the 6 years I had services with them. But when they sold out to Frontier Communications then the nightmare began with services going out with millions of customers. Very unreliable accounting and billing department that was forever billing for the wrong amounts.

Ketan of Ashland, Massachusetts  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 8, 2018
Verizon provides a miserable client experience. There is nothing you can do about it as you are locked in a contract. Every piece of help when provided lands up being an extra charge. They sell you ultra high speed FIOS but forget to mention that those speeds are only through hard wired connections. Not to mention that even a fraction of those speeds are only through 801.1 ac wifi. Also knowing well how many devices are connected to your WiFi network, they will sell you higher speeds only to later tell you that you have way too many devices connect to benefit from the higher speed gateway. It's a monopolistic scam and knowingly they provide bad client experiences.

Ella Maria Darnell of USA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 8, 2018
Since activating phone I have been given excuses at Verizon stores because phone works in town and doesn't replicate what it does at home. Your tech help tells me I am in a good area with good service. Liars! I have called multiple times with problem. Never been able to use anywhere close to 7GB of Data because I get kicked off.

Barbara of Dumfries, Virginia  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 5, 2018
Verizon products are great, but their customer service is exceedingly slow, non-responsive and they will say anything for the sale. I use them for cell phone, internet and TV. Payments haven't been correctly processed and credited to my account. Over 6 months of letter writing with copies of canceled checks weren't enough support to get the account corrected. I needed assistance from Better Business Bureau to correct that. What salespeople tell you about rates or features aren't valid even when you have it in writing. They tell you the salesperson made a mistake. Getting assistance when there is an issue takes hours to get through to them.

Connie of Valley Stream, New York  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 5, 2018
Verizon has high price for limited channels. You pay extra money if you want to watch the movie channels even though we pay but they are boring. The same old movies and they are repeated constantly. The same goes for the sports channels. It's not fair that the cable companies can charge so much. Most of the channels are regular channels. They should offer all the channels and not limit the customers from having all channels. They restrict the consumer selection by making us select one of their offered set packages.

Lucy of Millis, MA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 3, 2018
Internet very slow and takes forever to download disconnects. Have older equipment 1988 won't replace. I have to pay customer service. Needs English speaking/understanding people.

Eileen of Somewhere, MA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 28, 2018
I used Verizon for my internet access for many years as it was the only available option. Whenever there was a storm the internet would shut down. Verizon was extremely slow and took forever to download anything necessary.

Mary of Dorchester, MA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: April 23, 2018
Only wanted internet but was told had to get the bundle! Can't afford... Extra crap! I feel they were being very sneaky/Greedy, as now, you can get only internet & tv, but I'm stuck for 2 years.

Keith of Jamesburg, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: March 8, 2018
I LOVE Verizon Due is Triple Play but it's very difficult to get through to them directly. Although we DID have a bad Nor'Easter snow storm. I was on hold one and a half hours and gave up. The fiber optic cable was laying across my street. Still trying to reach SOMEONE.

Charles of Eufaula, AL  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Jan. 31, 2018
When I bought my Verizon phone I told the guy I was a truck driver and that I use a lot of data and that I need my hotspot. I told him I was getting the unlimited plan and that I expected it to be unlimited, I was never once told it would be slowed down after so much use even after asking right out if it would. After 15 GB a month it's so slow it's worthless. It's a complete rip off and false advertising.

Kha of Staten Island, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Jan. 28, 2018
I'm a Verizon customer for the past 15 years since cable was even worse than Verizon. I upgraded to 250MB speed and we have the latest piece of crap router from Verizon. The router has two signal 5 GHz and 2.4 GHz, the 5 GHz are for data streaming which two Xbox ones are connected by router. 5 cell phones and 3 firesticks for TV streaming is connected on 2.4ghz. Mind you the fire sticks only needs 10mb of data speed but it's constantly buffering. When I do a speed test keep getting 40 to 100mb of download speed and that's with the Xbox off. Their speed fluctuates constantly. It's horrible!! So I upgraded to 1gb speed, worked well for a week then it fluctuates again, now the speed test is 100mb to 300mb.

Jean of Virginia Beach, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Jan. 14, 2018
I called Verizon to cancel my FIOS cable only on 1/11/18. The representative stated that since I had a bundle deal I was locked in my two-year agreement until March 2018. I told the representative that that was fine. I would cancel my cable only in March. On 1/12/18, my WIFI suddenly works slower. I have two tv's, two cellphones, and 1 laptop. I never had any issues with my service until now. There are no weather issues like rain or snow or anything.

Mari of West Berlin, NJ  Verified Reviewer  Verified Buyer
Original review: Jan. 11, 2018
While trying to use my Hulu subscription while at work, Verizon slows down the internet so the show I'm watching can't sync up the voices with the video... That is until their advertisers clips come on, then it works perfectly - MIRACULOUS??? or UNDERHANDED & SNEAKY???

Mark of Brooklyn, New York  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 10, 2017
When I start up my computer to read my emails, it constantly drops and the list of available providers always has Optonline. Then I am unable to find my log in server for Fios.

Diane of Pittsburgh, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 4, 2017
Verizon is all computerized so a person must go thru robo people to get help. Frustrating. They raise their rates in a fixed contract by saying the cable boxes went up. 30 dollars a month. When my contract is up March 2018, hurray. We finally have AT&T TV.

Stephen of North Syracuse, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Oct. 2, 2017
Too many channels that have no value to me and my family plus locked into a 2 year contract, but all the cable companies are the same. Have used at least 3 other companies in the past and always thought you pay too much for what you get.

Judi of Baltimore, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Sept. 30, 2017
They are not helpful, expensive and could care less. They also have people who are non-English speakers who answer the phone and they are not in the USA. Most of the time I just hang up as it is impossible to communicate or understand the reps!

Caryn of Long Beach, California  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Sept. 24, 2017
Fios is ridiculously expensive. If you don't want to bundle they charge you an exorbitant amount just for Internet. They poked a hole under my house and left it open. They ran their wire through my tree just above head level. The installer did not do a good job. I had to restart the modem constantly. I was very unhappy with their service.

Jeanne of Woburn, MA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Sept. 14, 2017
Half of their representatives don't even know what they are doing and I am being kind by saying only half. Before you can even get to a rep, you have to deal with their lovely computer who wants to help you resolve your problem but never succeeds so finally it will transfer you to a real person. I refer to Verizon as my third cancer and they don't know what to say to that but that is truly the way I feel about them. If you get your problem resolved with your first call, you should consider yourself very lucky. I was one of the first people to get Fios and there were major problems in the beginning, so bad that their engineers used my home to try to figure out what the problems were and after a full day of them running around my home to check all the phones they finally figured it out and as compensation they bought me a new phone because the megahertz was not high enough. Anyhow, all of this was over 20 years ago.

Eugene of Silver Spring, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Aug. 10, 2017
As many people are trying to do, I am cutting back on things I do not use. I found that I did not watch the premium channels that I ordered. I went online and clicked change for my TV package. The only thing I was how to add more channels. After searching for a number to call I held for about 10 minutes listening to awful music. I will try again tomorrow.

Rosemary of Newark, NJ  Verified Buyer
Original review: May 17, 2017
I called Verizon in December 2016 and asked to have my services disconnected and I sent their equipment to them. My monthly payment was at $129.59. In January 02/26/2017, I paid the last bill of $271.93 which included early disconnection fee. I knew the total was more than I should have paid, but I did not want to argue. As soon as they received my payment, they sent me an internet message, that my service was being connected back. I thought that was impossible since I sent all their equipment to them since December. To my surprise, they sent me another bill in March, totaling $211.48. I then called Verizon to question the bill. I was told that I did not cancel the internet service even though the router was returned to them since December. I was told that people do return their router and buy one from market and continue using their service.

Charlene of Hamilton, NJ  Verified Buyer
Original review: May 10, 2017
Box went bad. Called and tried to make me jump through standard hoops, but I refused because we had already done all those things. Finally they agreed to dropship a new box. Got it the next day, but in order to return broken one, we have to take it to UPS. UPS will not pick it up without a pickup fee. Verizon should pay that, not us. Totally aggravated.

Melody of Leesburg, FL  Verified Reviewer
Original review: March 3, 2017
Internet speed is not constant with just its basic connection. We were fine the first few months of installation then experienced glitchy internet connections thereafter. Right now, we have good and bad internet connection days. We are not heavy users but if we are streaming movies, we cannot have other devices hooked up at the same time during certain days. They had friendly installation experts. Installers will say it's easier to put connections in certain places of the house. Unless you want them to take longer putting in devices in selected areas, you'll need to go along with their recommendations. They rely too much on auto responses for their customer service and takes too long to get a person. The customer rep will charge to set up a technician appointment and it took a week to receive service. It made us feel like they assumed most people will be able to take robo instructions and fix technical things themselves.

Michael of Waverly, OH  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Feb. 22, 2017
Installation was fast and easy once I signed up. Technician was very quick and knowledgeable. He showed us how to use it and gave us his personal telephone number to call him directly if we ever had any problems with the connection. The internet speed is fast but not very reliable. It's constantly going in and out and when it goes out it usually takes about 5 to 10 minutes to get it back on.

Mark of Easthampton, MA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Feb. 21, 2017
It was as slow as molasses in January and I don't think you could go this slow if you tried. If it were any slower it would be going backwards. A team of kinkiest could develop a faster network in their spare time on a Tuesday night. The reliability is decent but not for what I pay compared to more urban areas and they don't bother to make sure trees are out of the way, hence the so-so reliability. It has its ups and downs and I deserve more consistency than they provide. Also, customer service is outsourced from India or some other God forsaken land where English is not the first language... It's that or you get a robot who doesn't know its ** from its elbow and they don't want to talk to you.

Janie of Linden, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: Feb. 16, 2017
So far the speed of Verizon Fios service is the fastest I have ever had. There's no way Comcast can compete with them, and because of this I left them to do business with Verizon. They are acceptably reliable, and I cannot complain about my service. I have never had a problem, which should be expected. I don't like when companies charge you more for service that they are entitled to provide. The tech installed everything the way I needed it to be. The service was working fine almost immediately, and I haven't had a problem with the service I received yet. However, I'm not happy with the price I have to pay just for internet. When I called customer service to inquire about lower costs for internet, they were unwilling to help me and just kept apologizing. I feel they are intent on ripping people off and will not make it easy for a customer to pay a fair price.

Susan of Herndon, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 26, 2018
Less than one star and that's been my experience for the past several years. Horrible customer service to loyal, long time clients! Called last year due to outage of all in home services; internet, Fios TV, and home phone all out. First available tech to come out is a contractor 4 days later! In a recent review of bill in upgrading with a third party, it became obvious that I've been exponentially overcharged for at least the last eight years!! The third party was willing to help and to NO avail. The wrong numbers given and the horribly long wait times to only speak with another third party that CANNOT help! The run around continues from Verizon with NO resolution! They treat new customers exceptionally better than long term 20 + years clients. Going to get antenna and subscribe only to overpriced internet.

Brian of Havertown, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 25, 2018
Buyer Beware: I canceled my Verizon service due to poor business practices, service and expense after having been a customer for many years paying over $2,400 annually. I was told my balance was zero and even received a refund check for just under $40.00. Today received a new invoice for $96.00 and called to find out what it was for since there was no description on the invoice. 1.) A $50.00 cancellation fee for a contract I never authorized. 2.) Prorated charges for internet service beginning after I canceled my service through a month after I canceled my service. Verizon's defense is that it says I owe the money in their system and are unwilling to correct it.

D. J. of Norristown, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 24, 2018
Am I the only one who thinks that Verizon is deliberately up-selling TV to customers on the basis that it will reduce their bill, only to find out this is not the case? I had no choice in being a Fios customer, I had Verizon DSL Internet and Cavalier telephone for years. In 2012 I found a technician from Verizon installing a gray box on the side of my house, he explained it was "for my telephone service". A few days later Cavalier telephone wrote to me explaining that they were heading out of the telephone game for good and my service would be passed over to Verizon, whom I should call for a tech appointment. I called not understanding the technology involved or what was happening. Before I knew it Fios was installed and I was getting a bill for phone and internet that was considerably less than what I paid for the two services from two different companies previously.

Heather of Fairfax, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 23, 2018
The fact that I'm on here writing a scathing review is in itself telling; most times, I get online to write how much I love a product. But today was the last straw. In fact, I signed up on consumer affairs just to share how upset I am. Verizon Fios customer service is SO bad, your Mother would put soap in their mouth. I wouldn't even recommend trying to contact them in this decade (it will take that long for them to return your call). Then, say they do manage to call you back...you'll go through the rounds of how many ways they are sorry and cannot help you with (you name it, they can't solve it! ).

Sandra of Hamburg, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 22, 2018
I cannot stand dishonesty. I was quoted a price for my cable and internet service only to see my bill be increased by 20.00 and change! And they promised me that the quote they gave me was exactly the price I’d pay. I am going to look into what these young kids are doing today. Hulu and some of the other things. I cannot stand what Verizon Fios is doing. They didn’t even attempt to honor the price after I had names and dates of agents I spoke with. I always stick to my word. It’s a shame Verizon Fios doesn’t. Very disappointed.

Mary of Collingdale, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 21, 2018
The remote sucks, the buttons are not set to a comfortable position, their On Demand sucks, movie and TV poor selection. The option of not being able to pause live TV sucks, wish we never changed service.

Jorge of Gaithersburg, MD  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 18, 2018
I have been accepting horrific customer service from FIOS and Verizon in general for years. It stops today! I will never use their service again. I was told by a supervisor that CS personnel get reprimanded if they cancelled my account without trying to retain me. I just wanted to be cancelled. Nothing else. I would not suggest this service to anyone. Verizon if you listen or care, you just lost a customer who has been with you for a very long time. You will also lose my business on the Mobile side soon.

Staci of West Deptford, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 14, 2018
I was bait and switched by being told moving (2 blocks away) the same service was not available- 50/50 internet to be exact. I was forced into a new contract with faster service for that reason. My services were set wrong and when I called I was told, "Ok sorry about that. We will correct it." Yes you put Enhanced DVR back on my service - but for $20 more than quoted on my original call and increased all my rates.

Mira of Melville, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 12, 2018
Useless customer service. No one knows what they are doing, there are long wait times and new charges come up every month. Verizon, get it together. Regardless of the cost, I rather move to a company that provides great service.

Goverdhan Reddy of Falls Church, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 5, 2018
One of the salesperson came and asked me to check out Verizon internet service for free for initial 10 days and see if it satisfies my needs. I doesn't like the service and contacted Verizon to disconnect the service to my unit in a week. When I talked to the customer care one of the agent on the phone said they we canceling the service and I specifically asked the agent that do I owe anything to the Verizon. She just asked me to return the equipment and sent me a return label. I had returned the equipment to the return address and I got the return confirmation also.

Vielka of Woodbridge, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: July 3, 2018
Every month I have to call Verizon to have someone come out. They was at my house last Saturday for repairing one of the boxes. Today none of my 5 boxes work. The worst part is that is an issue every month on the different tv's or sometimes on certain Channels only on certain tv's. Verizon bill is the largest I have in addition to the worst service. They told me I cannot cancel because I am breaking the contract. I advised them that they are breaking the contract since they are not providing the service. Please help!!!

Jacqueline of Islip Terrace, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 27, 2018
After a sales rep came to my house (which they do every couple of months) I finally caved and decided to make the switch. My appointment was scheduled for June 1st. After returning from picking up my daughter from school (we were having a very important discussion on the way home) I see the installer at my house. It was May 31st. He was a day early. He pretty much insinuated that I was mistaken. (I later found my appointment card and I was correct). He basically said, "Here now so let's go." My daughter runs in her room avoiding the needed conversation. He then informed me he needed to access my garage to do the work. This was never mentioned to me before. I told him that's a problem because my ceiling collapsed in the garage and I would need time to move things.

Ed of Falls Church, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 27, 2018
I switched from Cox to Verizon after seeing promotions about the bundled service. June 7, 2018 my Cox phone line was disconnected in anticipation of the transfer to Verizon. Still, had no phone service for one week when I was asked to create a new order to get this issue fixed. While trying to resolve this issue, I was assigned a temporary phone number, which started to work on 6/14, but still, I did not get my old phone number. Verizon kept telling me they had my old number but for some reason, it was not transferred back to me. It took until 6/20 to get my old number back, after multiple phone calls, and multiple new order numbers. I had lost my old phone number for 2 weeks and missed important calls from doctors’ offices.

Stella of Astoria, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 26, 2018
On 6/25 I called Verizon to inquire about an additional $99 to my bill. My experience today on the phone was not only terrible, it was the worst customer service I have ever received in my life. The agents I spoke to today should be embarrassed to work in the service Industry. I was a frustrated customer and was hung up on because I was getting nowhere with incompetent person on the phone. On 6/1 I had a service disruption and called for an internet service technician because we could not troubleshoot over the phone. They said they were sending a technician on 6/2. With that, they told me to open my email however I could not because I had no internet service (hence the call).

Stuart of Monroe, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 21, 2018
My install was June 6. It is now June 20 and I have no internet, no TV and phone service needs adjustment. Have been on the phone or driving to exchange equipment (at Fios request) although they can’t tell me a location because most have closed. After replacing router TV didn’t have a shows. Called again and now have nothing. Tech is here and between him and his tech on phone (I’m sure both were hired from outside Home Depot) are getting nowhere. I have wasted nearly 40 hours with these incompetents and still have 0.

Rose of South Amboy, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 19, 2018
I been on the phone waiting to speak to a manager for 2 hrs. Fios employees are not helpful and continue to mess up on my billing. First I was advise due to a promotion the $99 activation fee will be waived from the bill and it wasn’t. Then the technician that came to activate my service did a very poor job. Had to call Fios since the phone line had no dial tone. They stated due that the technical failed to activate the phone line they were going to send another technician, this was Fios error so they said I didn’t have to pay the $70 technician fee.

Walt of Furlong, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 18, 2018
I subscribed to their Preferred Package in April, 2018. I was recently notified that several channels in my 2 year "contract" were now only available in the next higher priced package. I called and spoke to several reps and a manager as to how they can change the terms of what we agreed upon mid-contract. I was told that the contract was regarding price only and they have the right to change the channel line-up at anytime. What a bait and switch.

Elle of Norfolk, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 16, 2018 I had the unfortunate experience of trying Verizon cable. Between being lied to consistently by various Verizon employees, making promises they don’t keep,
the difficulty to get anyone to answer their phones let alone show up on a appointment on time and then be accommodating and capable is impossible. Please, go elsewhere.

Laura of Middle Village, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 12, 2018
About once every 6-8 weeks I get a Verizon FIOS sales rep coming to my house. I have politely told them probably 50 times over the years that we DON'T want FIOS and to stop sending reps to our house. I even told most of them to put me on a list so they won't come anymore but they just keep coming. This is pure harassment and if there's any lawsuit going on to sue Verizon over it, count me in! I'm so sick of them coming to my house after constantly telling them we're not interested.

Ramona of Ashburn, VA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 12, 2018
Verizon offers this plan to cover your TV, phone, and computer. It sounds like a good deal however you pay their fees every month and when you have a claim the service is nothing short of despicable. I submitted a claim on a great Samsung TV that had a couple of white spots in the screen that appeared to be burnt out pixels. It turned out they were not burned out pixels but some other type of flaw.

liz of Lindenhurst, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 12, 2018
It's only been 11 months since I signed up with Fios and I already canceled their services. My bill was $80 a month since then every month it has increased. Every time I called they gave me false information. "But, this is free." "But this is already discounted." Then why has my bill went up to nearly $150 a month? I was told the HBO was added to my package for free. Later on I was charged every month for it. I can go on and on with all the issues I had with them.

Anthony of East Orange, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 11, 2018
During the sign up made it seem like I was getting a great deal especially with my channel line up and a few months later send me an email telling me several channels are getting eliminated. Had I known would have remained with Comcast.

Susan of Philadelphia, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 7, 2018
I live in Philadelphia. For two years I had a Verizon Fios bundle of internet and TV. To reduce cost, I dropped TV but was told internet alone would cost more. I complained about my past speed and reliability problems and was told to purchase 75/75 speed to avoid problems for $80. I said, "Ok but no contract." But they assigned me to a two year contract anyway. Speed turned out to be 30/30 or 15/15 megabytes instead of 75/75. My service would black out 4-7 times a day to nothing. Customer services complaints of unreliability and slow speed were answered by rude staff blaming me. When asked to remove the old Verizon wiring I was told it would cost me. I transferred to Comcast with lower but adequate speeds for $29/mo. The installer was very professional and removed the old Verizon wiring at no extra charge. Why am I forced to pay Verizon an early cancel fee that I did not contract for? I hate this company.

Da of Bronx, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: June 5, 2018
I was on Verizon Fios for a year, they tried to charge me nearly 80 bucks for internet only after the year. They don't offer triple play where I am at. I called to ask then to lower my bill or I would be moving to Optimum. I also knew I would be moving in 6 months. They agreed on the phone to lower my bill. 6 months later when I was moving, I called to cancel and they talked about Early termination fee. Meanwhile, I never signed into any contract, I wasn't even in a contract when I joined Verizon Fios to begin with. They then tried to use some practice of sliding you into a contract without you knowing for the "convenience" of taking 10 bucks from the bill. Problem is, I never signed up for a contract, it was just a phone conversation, and an agreement to lower the bill.

Linda of Ledgewood, NJ  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 29, 2018
My 86 year old father was a residential Verizon Fios customer. When he moved into Assisted Living I cancelled his home phone service. At that time I asked that calls be forwarded to his cell phone. They said that they would do it. I found out a few weeks later that the forwarding was not happening. I called and was told they would fix it. When it still was not forwarding I called again. Was told it was too late and was no longer possible. I have since received 5 frantic calls from his friends who tried to call him and just got a message the phone was disconnected. They thought he died and no one told them.

James of Brooklyn, NY  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 22, 2018
Verizon Fios promotional advertisement of its service is an extremely deceptive scheme to customers. As a former customer I got caught up in this trap and got ripped off. This company initially would offer promotions to make their service appear affordable... After a year they start gradually increasing my bills by gradually taking the promotions away one after another and my monthly bills was increased by more than $40... For anyone out there who is thinking of joining this company listen to me carefully. It does not make any sense to pay about $200 a month for basic TV channels a home phone and internet. There is plenty of other company out there that offers better service for less than half of the price. Please stay away from Verizon Fios. This company is out to rip you off in a major way.

fred of Philadelphia, PA  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 19, 2018
Residential Fios service outage has been going on for over 100 hours in Philadelphia, PA. Every time I try to call Verizon for help the recording says there is a 3 hour wait time to speak to someone once I get past all of the insipid voice prompts. Their website is completely unhelpful. There is no place to communicate with anyone from Verizon about this. The chat agent was also completely unhelpful and offered no assistance. The "ONT" does not need to be rebooted. That has been tried half a dozen times with no result. I don't think they even care if people cancel their service and go with Comcast instead.

Jolene of South Orange, New Jersey  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 13, 2018
Customer service is at its worst!!! I have a wire down in my yard and no internet for 11 days and counting. They have opened and closed our ticket 3 times and haven’t done anything. I’m switching to Optimum this week and happy to be done with Verizon Fios.

Joseph of Norwood, New Jersey  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 12, 2018
The programming package only benefit Verizon. It's very difficult to get customer service and it's impossible to locate phone # for problems. Slow internet speed. I am looking for new provider.

Arlene of Johnston, RI  Verified Reviewer
Original review: May 11, 2018
I chose Verizon and it was the worst mistake. They forever messed up my internet service; their Fios was always problematic and whenever their representatives had to come to my home to fix something (which never happened), they were rude and condescending to both my son and myself. NEVER AGAIN will I EVER recommend or use their services. They are extremely high priced too.